Implement one narrow, compute-conscious correctness and Visual Review cleanup pass.

Do not rebuild the historical index, run broad qualification, change strategy definitions unrelated to this request, connect a broker, or add live/paper orders. Use focused deterministic tests, typecheck, and build only.

OBJECTIVE

Finish the remaining pullback/Dynamite correctness issues and improve the chart layout:

1. Only genuinely qualifying pullbacks may arm patience or qualify an edge.
2. Dynamite confluence must belong to the exact physical signal it grades.
3. Patience candles closing inside NTZ must never be selected.
4. Move the right-side price-level label rail above the chart.
5. Remove Fibonacci lines and labels from Visual Review only.
6. Preserve the corrected wick-based NTZ entry rule and responsive chart sizing.

PART 1 — AUTHORITATIVE QUALIFYING PULLBACKS

A pullback event may arm patience or satisfy a Phase 6 pullback rule only when:

```ts
event.qualifies === true
and its type is one of:
touch
proximity
consolidation
break and reclaim
hold
Update every authoritative path, including:
phase5PatienceAnalysis
hasQualifyingPullback
hasGenuinePullback
Fibonacci pullback interaction checks
Patience eligibility-event construction
ORB pullback qualification
Generic patience continuation qualification
Dynamite pullback interaction construction
A matching event type with qualifies: false is diagnostic evidence only. It must not:
Arm patience
Create an L→P sequence
Confirm a pullback
Qualify an edge
Produce a trade candidate
Increase a grade
Do not infer qualification later from chart geometry.
PART 2 — PATIENCE MUST BE OUTSIDE NTZ
Do not select or store a patience candle P that closes inside the finalized NTZ/ORB.
Use the following causal rule:
Long:
P.close > NTZ.high
Short:
P.close < NTZ.low
The P wick may retest or overlap the NTZ/ORB boundary because that can be the pullback to the level. The completed close determines whether P remains outside the non-trading zone.
Reject P when:
NTZ.low <= P.close && P.close <= NTZ.high
Record the explicit reason:
PATIENCE_CANDLE_INSIDE_FINALIZED_NTZ
Requirements:
Do not expose an inside-NTZ P as a confirmed patience occurrence.
Do not allow its immediate next candle to become E.
Continue scanning causally for a later P2.
Only E2 may confirm P2.
Preserve the existing immediate P→E rule.
Preserve the 9:30 a.m.–1:00 p.m. ET entry window.
Preserve the 12-tick pullback tolerance.
Preserve the 12-tick patience stop range.
Preserve the effective entry threshold:
Long:
max(P.high + entryBuffer, NTZ.high + one tick)
Short:
min(P.low - entryBuffer, NTZ.low - one tick)
E only needs to reach that threshold with its wick. E does not need to close outside NTZ.
PART 3 — EXACT DYNAMITE-TO-SIGNAL ATTRIBUTION
A Dynamite Level is supporting confluence, not an independent edge.
Remove the broad condition that lets any earlier same-session Dynamite interaction grade a later P→E signal merely because:
interaction.candleOpenTime <= P.openTime
Attach Dynamite evidence only when it belongs to the same physical causal sequence:
Same source fingerprint and formula/configuration hash
Same contract
Same New York trading date
Same direction
Same qualifying eligibility arm
Same qualifying pullback event or L candle
Same P candle
Same immediate E candle
Interaction occurred no later than P and remained inside the same active arm
Prefer an exact eligibility event ID match. If an exact event ID is unavailable, require the same canonical L candle and active arm; do not fall back to any earlier session interaction.
A Dynamite Level must:
Increase the existing grade by exactly one grade step
Be added to supporting confluences
Never create another signal, candidate, trade, or fill
Never grade an unrelated later setup
PART 4 — CANONICAL DYNAMITE IDENTITIES
Continue treating these as canonical families:
orb-ntz-high
orb-ntz-low
premarket-high
premarket-low
previous-day-high
previous-day-low
two-days-ago-high
two-days-ago-low
vwap
ema-200
support-zone
resistance-zone
fibonacci
Rules:
ORB high and NTZ high are one family.
ORB low and NTZ low are one family.
Critical/Premarket aliases must not count twice.
Multiple Fibonacci ratios count as one Fibonacci family.
Repeated audit references count once.
Unknown names must not silently default to support-zone; classify them explicitly or exclude them from Dynamite construction.
A Dynamite Level requires at least two distinct canonical families within eight MES ticks.
Make the deterministic Dynamite ID include:
Source fingerprint
Formula/configuration hash
Contract
New York trading date
Causal observation timestamp
Lower and upper price
Sorted canonical source families
PART 5 — MOVE PRICE-LEVEL LABELS ABOVE THE CHART
The colored price-level labels currently stacked along the chart’s right edge are compressing and obscuring the price plot.
Replace the right-side label rail with a compact, wrapping level-value legend above the SVG plot.
The new level legend should:
Sit directly above the chart.
Use compact colored chips.
Show the level name and exact price.
Wrap onto additional rows when necessary.
Never overlap candles, the price axis, or the Candle Inspector.
Use the same color as the corresponding plotted line.
Preserve deterministic ordering.
Allow the chart plot to use the space previously reserved for the right label rail.
Suggested order:
ORB / NTZ High
ORB / NTZ Low
Premarket High
Premarket Low
Prior Day High
Prior Day Low
Two Days Ago High
Two Days Ago Low
VWAP
EMA 200
Support/Resistance zones
Dynamite Level
Target
Stop
Do not add chart text labels for P, E, stops, or other events. Keep their existing compact point markers/event index behavior.
PART 6 — REMOVE FIBONACCI FROM VISUAL REVIEW
Remove Fibonacci from the Visual Review chart presentation:
Do not draw Fibonacci horizontal lines.
Do not show Fibonacci price chips above the chart.
Remove Fibonacci from the chart legend.
Remove Fibonacci from “Additional levels” display if that display is part of the chart presentation.
Do not reserve layout space for hidden Fibonacci annotations.
This is a display-only change.
Do not remove or change:
Historical Fibonacci calculations
Frozen Fibonacci evidence
Pullback qualification logic
Stored audit evidence
Candidate confluence evidence
Backtest behavior
API evidence needed for auditing
The engine may continue using Fibonacci causally; Visual Review should simply not display its lines or labels.
PART 7 — CHART WIDTH AND RESPONSIVENESS
Preserve the 1200×820 viewBox ratio and responsive aspect-ratio work.
After removing the right label rail:
Expand the candle plot and price axis into the recovered width.
Keep the price axis readable on the right.
Do not stretch or distort the SVG.
Do not introduce letterboxing caused by conflicting fixed height and width rules.
Preserve zoom, pan, free-roam pointer, candle hover inspection, fullscreen, and empty-slot behavior.
PART 8 — REGRESSION TESTS
Add focused deterministic tests proving:
qualifies: false pullback events cannot arm patience.
qualifies: false events cannot satisfy Phase 6 pullback rules.
A long P closing inside NTZ is rejected.
A short P closing inside NTZ is rejected.
A wick retest of the NTZ boundary is allowed when P closes outside in the trade direction.
After an inside-NTZ P is rejected, scanning continues to P2→E2.
Long and short E candles qualify by wick reach of the effective outside-NTZ threshold without requiring an outside close.
An earlier unrelated Dynamite interaction cannot grade a later signal.
The exact L/arm/P/E Dynamite interaction raises only the linked signal’s grade.
ORB/NTZ aliases count as one family.
Multiple Fibonacci ratios count as one family.
Unknown level names do not default to support.
One physical P→E signal still creates at most one candidate and one trade.
Fibonacci annotations are filtered from Visual Review.
The level-value legend is outside the SVG plot and the plot retains the expected aspect ratio.
The right-side plot label rail is no longer rendered.
PART 9 — CLEANUP AND VERIFICATION
Remove the committed temporary prompt attachment:
attached_assets/Pasted-Paste-this-into-Replit-text-Implement-one-narrow-correc_1788147892223.txt
Run only:
Focused Phase 5 tests
Focused Phase 6 tests
Focused major-level/Dynamite tests
Focused Phase 9 candidate tests
Focused Visual Review chart tests
API typecheck
Frontend typecheck
API build
Frontend build
git diff --check
Do not run:
Historical index rebuild
Broad multi-month replay
Qualification batch
Live or paper execution
Broker integration
REPORT
Return:
Files changed.
Root causes fixed.
Exact patience-outside-NTZ rule.
Exact pullback qualification rule.
Exact Dynamite signal-linking identity.
Visual Review changes.
Tests and build results.
Remaining limitations.
Confirmation that no historical index rebuild or broad replay was performed.